docs: clarify HTMLMediaElement abort event example (#44227)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlmediaelement/abort_event/index.md

## Examples

### Abort loading a media resource

> The following example starts loading a video resource, then aborts the load by removing the `src` attribute and calling `load()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to abort a video.
When you press the button it starts loading a video resource.
After a short timeout it aborts the load by removing the `src` attribute and calling the `load()` method.
```
